
				WinAdv ToDo list

1-Feb-95

Done	1)	Add death screen for when Player dies and disable Player
		movement when dead.

Done	2)	Add sound trigger for monsters.  So if a shot is fired and a 
		monster is near, it will trigger a OF_SEEN_PLAYER flag for itself.
	(Note:	Any monster that can SEE the Player when the Player fires a
		shot will have a OF_SEEN_PLAYER flag triggered.)

2a)	After completing ToDo #2 above, I had ONE occasion where I entered
	a room and found a monster moving; as if it had seen or heard me.
	I don't know enough yet to know how bad this Bug is.

3)	Pictures for Fists, Machine Gun and Rocket Launcher (selected weapon)

Done	4)	Implement music (probably a DLL for MIDI stuff)

5)	Add demo mode.

6)	Create logo and add logo screen at startup, etc.

Done	7)	Add up and down movement for walking, jumping, etc.
		(will have to modify the Magic table and the ASM routines)
	(Note:	All subordinate routines have Up/Down movement implemented.)

Done	7a)	Add various Up/Down scenarios to game play (i.e. jump, walking
		motion, dying, etc.)

Done	8)	Finish implementation of New, Load, Save, Exit and Quit in File menu.

Done	9)	Still seems to be a minor anomaly in the firing routine.  Sometimes,
		without any other reason, shooting at a monster dead center does
		not produce a hit.

Done	9a)	Also, if the monster is point blank, it doesn't appear that firing
		hits the monster at all?

Done	10)	Convert MIDI music player CALLBACK routine to DLL for better quality
		music.  The callback routine is suseptible to slow down (or speed up)
		during CPU intense/slack time.

Done	11)	Still seems to be a problem in the collision detection routine.
		On occasion, I have been propelled into a wall cube!  This usually
		happens when an object is close to a wall.

Done	12)	Add volume control dialog for SoundFX and Music.

Done	13)	Fix dialog background color problem due to palette change.

Done	13a)	Could also check into doing a screen clear of WHOLE screen
		background during startup.

14)	Add distance sound level to sound routine.  Would like things that
	are furture away to have a lower sound level.

15)	Add sound mixer routine to play multiple sounds at one time.
(Note:	Tried adding this routine but ran into a problem.  The MMSystem
	waveOutGetPosition routine returns garbage.  Was not able to
	determine position of a paused wave output.)

Done	16)	Create map during Player movement for viewing by Player.
	(Note:	Due to slow update of map (lots of pixel manipulation)
		the map update is on demand only.  Either hit TAB or
		click the mouse button on the map window.)

Done	17)	Add keys possessed to status window.

Done	18)	Create a cheap dialog box for modifying play parameters.
	(Note:	Double right click mouse while in Help dialog to
		get a confirmation box. Responding OK will set
		Health to max, give Player all weapons with max
		ammo and unlock all doors.)

Done	19)	Modify the Object .ASM routines to skip top transparent pixels
		more efficiently.
	(Note:	These routines are optimized! They are very easy to break
		if messed with without studying them very thoroughly.)

Done	20)	Add multiple shots from some weapons (like shotgun)

Done	21)	Correct weapon spread based on distance to object (closer gets
		a wider spread; hits in the arm will wound, etc.)

Done	22)	Fix TRACE of Player Health (now a LONG!)

23)	Add projectile images to fired weapons. (Puffs of smoke when a
	wall is hit, or an explosion when a rocket strikes)

Done	24)	Add fighting between monsters if struck by another monster's
		weapon fire.

25)	Document some of the more complex sections of code.  Things can be
	a little hard to follow, now.  And will get harder as they get more
	complex.

26)	Expand on maps!  Make the game either sequence through maps/levels
	or let the player choose a level to play.

27)	Always ***  O P T I M I Z E  ***

Done	28)	Add low resolution graphics mode so that slower PCs can still play.

Done	29)	Add objects that "hurt" to touch but can be jumped over by Player.
		(black hole (open floor), swamp (needs floor images), etc.)

30)	Add floor and/or ceiling tiles.
(Note:	Floor outlines have been added. This improved appearance especially
	with up/down motion and jumping.)

Done	31)	Modify AE stucture so that object bitmap pointers do NOT reside
		inside the structure.  I want to reduce the size of the structure
		so that saved games will be smaller and the number of animation
		bitmaps is increased.

32)	Add scenery to the background.  A picture that stays stationary
	(relative to compass direction) and looks like a distance scene
	(like a mountain range).

33)