
			Windows Adventure Info


Scenario:

	You're an agent for a secret government anti-terrorist, anti-hostage
agency.  You have been extensively trained like few others on Earth.  Not as
a negotiator but as a last resort.  Your missions are few but are always the
same: End the terrorist-hostage situation, immediately; free the hostages;
extreme prejudice is authorized.

	Your usual daily activity is simple: stay prepared.  That means keep
your body fit, your reflexes tuned and your mind clear and informed.  You
always keep track of world events, never knowing where you may be called to
duty.  Each terrorist action, every hostage situation becomes the sole
focus of you every day.

	Today's events seem to be as most other's.  However, one terrorist
event catches your eye.  In your own home town you notice a terrorist group,
The People's Conscience, has taken control of the Tertiary National Bank
building using all people inside as hostages.  Their demands are
characteristic of most terror's: free our members from state and federal
prisons and pay a ransom for release of the hostages.

	These particular terrorists are very vial.  They have vowed to kill
one hostage an hour until their demands are met.  They killed one hostage
immediately, by decapitation, and killed two others, on the hour, one by
gun shot to the back and the other by pushing her out a fifth floor window.

	You visit the agency's intelligence center to view the video feed
from your home town.  You follow the close up views through various windows,
of the bank building; seeing hostages and occasionally a terrorist.  Then
you spot something that makes your heart stop.  For what seems an eternity
your heart sticks in your throat and the air grows stale in your chest.
When you finally remember to breath, you exclaim, "Oh God, no!"

	Without another word you leave the agency.  You only stop to pick up
your gear.  You board a plane and head home.  Home, where the Tertiary
National Bank building is the scene of a terrorist-hostage situation.  Home,
where demands are being made of local officials.  Home, where hostages are
being held and killed mercilessly.  Home, to free your brother, a hostage,
before he can met a deadly fate.  And it appears only you have the skills
and the motivation to succeed.
